this movie is based on a true event a
father kidnapped and raped his daughter
for 25 years
let's start and take care this film
begins with a scene of a young girl
named sarah sarah wanted to go to the
party at her friend's house but sarah's
father doesn't allow her to go to the
party sarah's father's name is don sarah
asks her mother that you have allowed me
to go to the party on it sarah's mother
replies that no problem not today but
you can go any other day due to it sarah
becomes aggressive she goes to her room
there we see the elder sister of sarah
on the same night sarah goes to the
party with her friend christopher
meanwhile sarah's mother goes to her
room sarah's mother sees that sarah was
not in her room she tells this to her
husband means sarah's father hearing it
sarah's father becomes aggressive after
spending the whole night with
christopher the next morning sarah
arrives home there sarah's father gets
furious and he scolds her a lot
meanwhile sarah's mother also arrives
there an angry sarah goes to her room
while running when sarah was in her room
her mother and her sister come there
they were talking to each other sarah
was telling them that after three months
i'll be of 18 years i have a childhood
friend and i'll go to him i will live
with him and will enjoy my life a lot
sarah's father hears these talks while
standing outside then sarah's father
dawn opens the secret room of the
basement after it he waits for three
months later when sarah will be of 18
years then directly we are shown the
scene after three months
there we are shown sarah she was talking
with christopher on call
sarah's sister was not at home her
mother also goes to the market sarah and
her father were alone at home don asked
sarah that i want to shift a box in the
basement please help me to shift the box
then they both take that box to the
basement going there don opens the door
of the secret room seeing it sarah gets
shocked that there is a secret room then
don takes sarah to that room don tries
to trap sarah he locks her in that room
and leaves from there sarah shouts for
help but dawn doesn't feel pity for her
he ignores her then sarah tries to open
the lock with her hairpin
due to it the door couldn't open but the
light turns off after blinking due to it
the ventilation stops after it sarah
checks that what is inside that box the
box which sarah and her father brought
here there were all the important things
about sarah that will send it for living
here sarah asks for help through the
ventilation window don sees that sarah's
voice is coming out that's why he closes
the ventilation window that was a silent
room due to it no voices are coming from
that room
sarah's mother was worried about her she
searches her a lot but don was relaxed
as he doesn't care about sarah the next
day sarah again tries to open the door
of that room but then it happens the
same the light blinks and turns off
automatically then don arrives there
sarah tries to run from there while
pushing him but sarah sees that the door
of the basement was also closed then don
brings sarah back into the room he shows
his anger towards sarah don says to her
that if you will obey me i will release
you from here but sarah doesn't obey him
due to it gone gaine becomes aggressive
with her he forces sarah after it
sarah's condition gets worse she vomits
then after one week the police were
investigating to search sarah don says
that sarah has gone somewhere far from
us because she wanted to spend her life
while separating from us sarah's mother
says that she only used to say this but
she didn't think to do this the police
officer says that we should wait for
sarah maybe she will contact us on the
other side sure was sad about her
father's this action she was upset then
one day to know about sarah christopher
comes to her home their dawn tells
christopher that sarah had run with her
childhood friend after it 21 days passed
sarah turned 18 years today was her
birthday so don brings cake and candles
to sarah don asks sarah to blow off the
candle sarah does the same she was
obeying don because dawn said her to
obey me i will release you soon from
here don gives a costume to sarah to
wear then don asked sarah her one wish
and he says i will fulfill it on it
sarah says that my wish is to release
from here i want to get out of this
place on it don says there is much time
left for this
sarah says that i want a clock in the tv
here don again forces sarah the next day
dawn brings a clock in tv for sarah then
with the help of a food cane sarah makes
her weapon she calls dawn near her but
don understands the intentions of sarah
that is what she wants due to it he
beats sarah even he breaks her hand
doing this a year passed we see that
sarah is pregnant sarah was in pain then
sarah delivers a baby girl don wasn't
happy while seeing the daughter of sarah
after it four years passed sarah's
mother misses her a lot sarah was
pregnant again
don tells his wife that i am promoted on
which sarah's mother says that we should
hire an investigator who will search
sarah
on it don refuses and leaves from there
the tv that don brings for her daughter
and sarah seeing it they become happy
because to avoid the boring time what
will be more good than tv
after some day sarah delivers a baby boy
one day sarah's daughter becomes sick
because she was suffering from fever don
brings medicine for her on the day dawn
and sarah fight once again christopher
comes to sarah's home to know about her
their christopher meets sarah's sister
christopher tells everything to sarah's
sister which was said by don
that sarah had run with her childhood
friend
sarah's sister says to christopher that
i feel like my father hides sarah
somewhere sometimes i feel like sarah
herself gone far from us sarah once
again becomes pregnant third time don
and his wife argue about sarah sarah's
sister says to dawn that you always show
anger towards sarah being upset sarah's
mother goes from there to makes his wife
agree dawn also goes behind her the keys
of the basement fall from his pocket
sarah's sister picks those keys she goes
to the basement to check
there she sees a different kinds of
things seeing those things sarah's
sister thinks that what are these things
doing here
meanwhile don also comes there he sends
sarah's sister back from there
sarah delivers her third baby that was a
baby boy sarah asks dawn to take her
third baby outside means take that baby
to my mother and gives the baby to her
hearing it don gets an idea he places
that baby outside his house secretly
sarah's mother comes outside after
listening to that baby's voice
there she finds a note written on a
paper with that baby there was written
on it that mother i am sarah this is my
baby my financial condition is not good
i can't be brought him up take him with
you then sarah's mother takes that baby
with her means she had adopted that baby
their dawn finds another note there was
written on that note that father had
imprisoned me in the basement seeing it
don gets aggressive to give punishment
to sarah he again forces sarah after it
we are shown the scene after some years
there we see that the daughter and son
of sarah have grown elder one day don
was watching sarah's daughter badly
sarah understands the bad intentions of
don she knew that now don is watching
her daughter for bad intentions sarah
was worried about her daughter because
her daughter was suffering from asthma
one day sarah sees that the roof was
leaking sarah thinks that there is some
raw floor while breaking it we can ask
for help from someone sarah makes a hole
there she takes out the light from that
hole at night a man sees that light but
unfortunately he tells this to dawn
there is some light coming from a hole
in your basement hearing it don gets
aggressive with sarah that's why he goes
and beats sarah badly he beats sarah
badly that her baby to be a miscarriage
sarah's baby dies dawn bury her dead
baby due to it sarah becomes sad sarah
asks about her son from dawn which she
gave to her mother on it don tells that
he will play in a tournament next month
on it sarah's son says that i also want
to go outside to play does that boy say
that when will we go outside
when will we play outside
don says when the behavior of your
mother will be good with me then i will
take you out from here then you can also
go outside and can play sarah apologizes
to don that her kids talked about going
outside when he leaves both kids to
become aggressive with sarah that what
have we said that you apologized sarah
says that i only want to protect you
sarah was sad and she was missing
christopher
because before coming there she met with
christopher she has spent a good time
with christopher both kids say sorry for
the misbehavior sarah tells her kids the
reality of don she tells them the truth
after hearing this the kids were shocked
they were scared so badly that sarah's
daughter suffers from an asthma attack
don was aggressive with sarah because
she told the truth to her kids that's
why he starts beating sarah but sarah's
son stops don from doing this as a
punishment don goes outside and turns
off the light in the basement it is
shown after some days that don has left
his job due to which his savings were
finishing slowly on it don's wife asks
him that where is he spending his
savings
sarah breaks the ventilation
meanwhile dawn receives a notice from
the bank to leave the house because don
hadn't returned the insurance money to
the bank then don decides to kill sarah
and her kids because now he couldn't
manage the whole system he throws the
smoke of his car through the ventilation
path but then sarah's son which she has
given to her mother arrives there that's
why don stops the car after many years
we see that sarah's daughter again
suffers from an asthma attack sarah says
to dawn that i want to take my daughter
to the doctor for the checkup don
refuses for it but sarah requests him
for this then seeing sarah's daughter
conditioned on agrees to this don only
takes sarah and her daughter with him he
asks her son to stay in the basement
when sarah comes out of the basement she
remembers everything while seeing her
house sarah's daughter was taken to the
hospital her life was saved hardly there
was a lady doctor who asked sarah to
fill up a form now sarah does not wants
to go into her that life again that's
why she throws water on the form then
don goes to bring another form getting a
chance sarah comes to that lady doctor
sarah hugs that lady doctor then don
also arrives there sarah says to that
lady doctor please help me they think
that maybe sarah is in trouble sarah's
luck was that there was also a police
officer that police officer catches don
then don reveals everything he also
tells his reality sarah's son was also
taken out of the basement seeing it
sarah's mother was broken and shocked
after it don was imprisoned sarah was
relieved to be able to go outside with
her sister and mother her kids were also
happy after it christopher comes to meet
sarah he was still unmarried sarah and
christopher go on a long drive when they
leave this movie ends
thank you for watching
[Music]